“Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.”,"Markus Zusak,",The Book Thief,"pain, sadness, stoicism"
"“If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"attitude, distress, mind-over-body, pain, stoicism"
"“Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"equanimity, future, inspirational, reason, stoic, stoicism, worry"
“It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.”,"Seneca,",The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters,"consicousness, dissociation, mind, stoicism, transcendence, zen"
“Warriors should suffer their pain silently.”,"Erin Hunter,",Into the Wild,"erin, hunter, hurt, pain, stoicism, suffer, tigerclaw, tigerstar, warrior, warriors"
"“Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,"philosophy, stoic, stoicism"
“Complaining does not work as a strategy. We all have finite time and energy. Any time we spend whining is unlikely to help us achieve our goals. And it won't make us happier.”,"Randy Pausch,",The Last Lecture,"complaining, stoicism"
"“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”","T.H. White,","Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome","beauty, faith, happiness, hope, life, living, love, misery, pain, positivity, stoicism"
"“A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking.”",Taleb Nassim Nicholas,N/A,stoicism
"“Remember, it is not enough to be hit or insulted to be harmed, you must believe that you are being harmed. If someone succeeds in provoking you, realize that your mind is complicit in the provocation. Which is why it is essential that we not respond impulsively to impressions; take a moment before reacting, and you will find it easier to maintain control.”","Epictetus,","The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness","philosophy, self-control, stoic, stoicism"
"“People hide their truest nature. I understood that; I even applauded it. What sort of world would it be if people bled all over the sidewalks, if they wept under trees, smacked whomever they despised, kissed strangers, revealed themselves?”","Alice Hoffman,",The Ice Queen,"restraint, stoicism"
“The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.”,"Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"empowerment, marcus-aurelius, mind, philosophy, self-improvement, stoicism, thoughts"
“Feeling too much is a hell of a lot better than feeling nothing.”,"Nora Roberts,",Midnight Bayou,"empathy, passion, stoicism"
"“Why should we place Christ at the top and summit of the human race? Was he kinder, more forgiving, more self-sacrificing than  Buddha ? Was he wiser, did he meet death with more perfect calmness, than  Socrates ? Was he more patient, more charitable, than  Epictetus ? Was he a greater philosopher, a deeper thinker, than  Epicurus ? In what respect was he the superior of  Zoroaster ? Was he gentler than  Lao-tsze , more universal than  Confucius ? Were his ideas of human rights and duties superior to those of  Zeno ? Did he express grander truths than  Cicero ? Was his mind subtler than  Spinoza ’s? Was his brain equal to  Kepler ’s or  Newton ’s? Was he grander in death – a sublimer martyr than  Bruno ? Was he in intelligence, in the force and beauty of expression, in breadth and scope of thought, in wealth of illustration, in aptness of comparison, in knowledge of the human brain and heart, of all passions, hopes and fears, the equal of  Shakespeare , the greatest of the human race?”","Robert G. Ingersoll,",About The Holy Bible,"atheism, baruch-spinoza, bruno, buddha, buddhism, cicero, epictetus, epicurus, gautama-buddha, giordano-bruno, isaac-newton, johannes-kepler, kepler, kindness, laozi, newton, patience, shakespeare, socrates, spinoza, stoicism, william-shakespeare, wisdom, zeno, zeno-of-citium, zoroaster"
“How do you defeat terrorism? Don’t be terrorized.”,"Salman Rushdie,",Step Across This Line: Collected Nonfiction 1992-2002,"civil-society, courage, freedom, serenity, stoicism, terrorism"
"“What do you know of my heart? What do you know of anything but your own suffering. For weeks, Marianne, I've had this pressing on me without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature. It was forced on me by the very person whose prior claims ruined all my hope. I have endured her exultations again and again whilst knowing myself to be divided from Edward forever. Believe me, Marianne, had I not been bound to silence I could have provided proof enough of a broken heart, even for you.”","Jane Austen,",Sense and Sensibility,"classics, heartbreak, stoicism"
"“For what prevents us from saying that the happy life is to have a mind that is free, lofty, fearless and steadfast - a mind that is placed beyond the reach of fear, beyond the reach of desire, that counts virtue the only good, baseness the only evil, and all else but a worthless mass of things, which come and go without increasing or diminishing the highest good, and neither subtract any part from the happy life nor add any part to it? A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters,"anthem, happiness, intrisic-motivation, stoicism"
"“Always resignation and acceptance. Always prudence and honour and duty. Elinor, where is your heart?”","Jane Austen,",Sense and Sensibility,stoicism
“Misfortune nobly born is good fortune.”,"Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"misfortune, stoicism"
"“Regard [a friend] as loyal, and you will make him loyal.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
“To be everywhere is to be nowhere.”,"Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
"“Limiting one’s desires actually helps to cure one of fear. ‘Cease to hope … and you will cease to fear.’ … Widely different [as fear and hope] are, the two of them march in unison like a prisoner and the escort he is handcuffed to. Fear keeps pace with hope … both belong to a mind in suspense, to a mind in a state of anxiety through looking into the future. Both are mainly due to projecting our thoughts far ahead of us instead of adapting ourselves to the present.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
"“Think of your many years of procrastination; how the gods have repeatedly granted you further periods of grace, of which you have taken no advantage. It is time now to realise the nature of the universe to which you belong, and of that controlling Power whose offspring you are; and to understand that your time has a limit set to it. Use it, then, to advance your enlightenment; or it will be gone, and never in your power again.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"motivation, philosophy, procrastination, stoic, stoicism"
"“What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them. It is not things that disturb us, but our interpretation of their significance.”",Epictetus,N/A,"ethics, philosophy, stoicism"
“You should … live in such a way that there is nothing which you could not as easily tell your enemy as keep to yourself.”,"Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
"“Nothing is burdensome if taken lightly, and nothing need arouse one's irritation so long as one doesn't make it bigger than it is by getting irritated.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
"“You know yourself what you are worth in your own eyes; and at what price you will sell yourself. For men sell themselves at various prices. This is why, when Florus was deliberating whether he should appear at Nero's shows, taking part in the performance himself, Agrippinus replied, 'Appear by all means.' And when Florus inquired, 'But why do not you appear?' he answered, 'Because I do not even consider the question.' For the man who has once stooped to consider such questions, and to reckon up the value of external things, is not far from forgetting what manner of man he is.”","Epictetus,",The Golden Sayings of Epictetus,"ethics, integrity, path, stoicism"
"“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness.”","T.H. White,",Alfred Hitchcock Presents: Stories That Scared Even Me,"cynicism, dichotomy, happiness, pain, stoicism"
“There will never come a time when I will be able to resist my emotions.”,"Louise Erdrich,",Tales of Burning Love,"emotion, stoicism"
“I hear my silence talked of in every lane; The suppression of a cry is itself a cry of pain.”,Darshan Singh,N/A,"me, stoicism, truth"
"“It is not the man who has too little that is poor, but the one who hankers after more.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
"“Today I escaped anxiety. Or no, I discarded it, because it was within me, in my own perceptions — not outside.”","Marcus Aurelius, Meditations",N/A,stoicism
"“Stop wandering about! You aren't likely to read your own notebooks, or ancient histories, or the anthologies you've collected to enjoy in your old age. Get busy with life's purpose, toss aside empty hopes, get active in your own rescue-if you care for yourself at all-and do it while you can.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"life, philosophy, stoicism"
"“Remember two things: i. that everything has always been the same, and keeps recurring, and it makes no difference whether you see the same things recur in a hundred years or two hundred, or in an infinite period; ii. that the longest-lived and those who will die soonest lose the same thing. The present is all that they can give up, since that is all you have, and what you do not have you cannot lose.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"philosophy, stoicism"
"“From the philosopher Catulus, never to be dismissive of a friend's accusation, even if it seems unreasonable, but to make every effort to restore the relationship to its normal condition.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"philosophy, stoicism"
"“We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.”",Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"adversity, affliction, aphorism, aphorisms, aphorist, aphorists, austerity, be-determined, be-persistent, be-tenacious, carry-on, challenge, challenges, continue, deprivation, destitution, determination, difficult, difficulties, dire-straits, distress, doggedness, dream, dreamer, dreamers, endurance, entrepreneur, entrepreneurs, firmness, follow-through, funny, give-up, go-on, go-the-distance, hammer-away, hang-in-there, hang-on, hardship, hardships, hilarious, hold-on, humor, humorous, humour, impecuniousness, indefatigability, inspiration, inspire, intransigence, joke, jokes, keep-at-it, keep-going, keep-on, leave-no-stone-unturned, mental-strength, mentally-strong, misery, misfortune, motivate, motivation, need, neediness, never-give-up, not-take-no-for-an-answer, obduracy, obstinacy, pain, patience, penury, perseverance, persevere, persist, persistence, pertinacity, plod-on, plug-away, poverty, press-ahead, press-on, privation, problem, problems, purposefulness, quotations, quotes, resoluteness, resolution, resolve, satire, soldier-on, stamina, stand-fast, stand-firm, startup, startups, staunchness, stay-the-course, staying-power, steadfastness, stick-it-out, stoic, stoicism, stoics, stop-at-nothing, strength, strength-of-purpose, strong, struggle-on, stubbornness, suffer, suffering, tenacity, tirelessness, travails, trial, trials, trials-and-tribulations, tribulation, tribulations, trouble, venture-capitalist, venture-capitalists, want, wretchedness"
"“Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal.”",Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"adage, adages, afraid, africa, african, aphorism, aphorisms, avoid, axiom, axioms, deep, depress, depressed, depressing, depression, dictum, dictums, epigram, epigrams, fear, fearful, funny, gnome, gnomes, humor, humorous, humour, impression, in-public, insightful, made-me-think, make-you-think, maxim, maxims, philosopher, philosophy, private, profound, proverb, proverbs, provoke-thought, public, quotation, quotations, quote, quote-of-the-day, quotes, satire, satirical, satirist, satirists, saying, sayings, seem, south-africa, south-african, stoic, stoicism, stoics, suicidal, suicide, think, thinker, thinkers, thinking, thought-provoking, thoughtful"
"“I have always swung back and forth between alienation and relatedness. As a child, I would run away from the beatings, from the obscene words, and always knew that if I could run far enough, then any leaf, any insect, any bird, any breeze could bring me to my true home. I knew I did not belong among people. Whatever they hated about me was a human thing; the nonhuman world has always loved me. I can't remember when it was otherwise. But I have been emotionally crippled by this. There is nothing romantic about being young and angry, or even about turning that anger into art. I go through the motions of living in society, but never feel a part of it. When my family threw me away, every human on earth did likewise.”",Wendy Rose,N/A,"alien-nation, alienation, changelings, humans, me, relatedness, simons-rock, stoicism, too-close-for-comfort"
"“Remember to act always as if you were at a symposium. When the food or drink comes around, reach out and take some politely; if it passes you by don't try pulling it back. And if it has not reached you yet, don't let your desire run ahead of you, be patient until your turn comes. Adopt a similar attitude with regard to children, wife, wealth and status, and in time, you will be entitled to dine with the gods. Go further and decline these goods even when they are on offer and you will have a share in the gods' power as well as their company. That is how Diogenes, Heraclitus and philosophers like them came to be called, and considered, divine.”","Epictetus,","The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness","philosophy, self-control, stoic, stoicism"
"“If what you have seems insufficient to you, then though you possess the world, you will yet be miserable.”",Seneca,N/A,stoicism
"“You need to avoid certain things in your train of thought: everything random, everything irrelevant. And certainly everything self-important or malicious. You need to get used to winnowing your thoughts, so that if someone says, ""What are your thinking about?"" you can respond at once (and truthfully) that you are thinking this or thinking that.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"marcus-aurelius, stoicism, wisdom"
"“If you want to make progress, put up with being perceived as ignorant or naive in worldly matters, don't aspire to a reputation for sagacity. If you do impress others as somebody, don't altogether believe it. You have to realize, it isn't easy to keep your will in agreement with nature, as well as externals. Caring about the one inevitably means you are going to shortchange the other.”","Epictetus,","The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness","philosophy, reputation, stoic, stoicism"
"“In your actions, don't procrastinate. In your conversations, don't confuse. In your thoughts, don't wander. In your soul, don't be passive or aggressive. In your life, don't be all about business.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"procrastination, stoicism, wisdom"
“It is more necessary for the soul to be cured than the body; for it is better to die than to live badly.”,Epictetus,N/A,"philosophy-of-life, stoicism"
"“When force of circumstance upsets your equanimity, lose no time in recovering your self-control, and do not remain out of tune longer than you can help. Habitual recurrence to the harmony will increase your mastery of it.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"philosophy, stoic, stoicism"
"“Remember that all we have is “on loan” from Fortune, which can reclaim it without our permission—indeed, without even advance notice. Thus, we should love all our dear ones, but always with the thought that we have no promise that we may keep them forever—nay, no promise even that we may keep them for long.”",Seneca,N/A,"philosophy-of-life, stoicism"
"“The first and most important field of philosophy is the application of principles such as “Do not lie.” Next come the proofs, such as why we should not lie. The third field supports and articulates the proofs, by asking, for example, “How does this prove it? What exactly is a proof, what is logical inference, what is contradiction, what is truth, what is falsehood?” Thus, the third field is necessary because of the second, and the second because of the first. The most important, though, the one that should occupy most of our time, is the first. But we do just the opposite. We are preoccupied with the third field and give that all our attention, passing the first by altogether. The result is that we lie – but have no difficulty proving why we shouldn’t.”","Epictetus,","The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness","ethics, morality, philosophy, proof, stoic, stoicism"
"“My advice is really this: what we hear the philosophers saying and what we find in their writings should be applied in our pursuit of the happy life. We should hunt out the helpful pieces of teaching, and the spirited and noble-minded sayings which are capable of immediate practical application—not far-fetched or archaic expressions or extravagant metaphors and figures of speech—and learn them so well that words become works. No one to my mind lets humanity down quite so much as those who study philosophy as if it were a sort of commercial skill and then proceed to live in a quite different manner from the way they tell other people to live.”","Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,"philosophy, stoic, stoicism"
"“40. The gods either have power or they have not. If they have not, why pray to them? If they have, then instead of praying to be granted or spared such-and-such a thing, why not rather pray to be delivered from dreading it, or lusting for it, or grieving over it? Clearly, if they can help a man at all, they can help him in this way. You will say, perhaps, ‘But all that is something they have put in my own power.’ Then surely it were better to use your power and be a free man, than to hanker like a slave and a beggar for something that is not in your power. Besides, who told you the gods never lend their aid even towards things that do lie in our own power? Begin praying in this way, and you will see. Where another man prays ‘Grant that I may possess this woman,’ let your own prayer be, ‘Grant that I may not lust to possess her.’ Where he prays, ‘Grant me to be rid of such-and-such a one,’ you pray, ‘Take from me my desire to be rid of him.’ Where he begs, ‘Spare me the loss of my precious child,’ beg rather to be delivered from the terror of losing him. In short, give your petitions a turn in this direction, and see what comes.”",Marcus Aurelius,N/A,"marcus-aurelius, meditations, philosophy, stoicism"
"“For death remembered should be like a mirror, Who tells us life’s but breath, to trust it error.”","William Shakespeare,",Pericles,stoicism
"“When a dog is tied to a cart, if it wants to follow, it is pulled and follows, making its spontaneous act coincide with necessity. But if the dog does not follow, it will be compelled in any case. So it is with men too: even if they don't want to, they will be compelled to follow what is destined.”",Zeno of Citium,N/A,"chrysippus, destiny, fate, inevitable, logos, stoicism"
"“My boyfriends have all been as stoical as queen's guards. They'd been patient, committed, and dispassionate, and I'd had to really debase myself to extract any emotion, either grin or grimace, from them.”","Koren Zailckas,",Fury: A Memoir,"boyfriends, ex-boyfriends, love, relationships, stoicism"
"“Thoroughly convinced of the impossibility of his own suit, a high resolve constrained him not to injure that of another. This is a lover's most stoical virtue, as the lack of it is a lover's most venial sin.”","Thomas Hardy,",Far From the Madding Crowd,stoicism
"“Here is your great soul—the man who has given himself over to Fate; on the other hand, that man is a weakling and a degenerate who struggles and maligns the order of the universe and would rather reform the gods than reform himself.”","Seneca,",Letters From A Stoic: Epistulae Morales AD Lucilium (Illustrated. Newly revised text. Includes Image Gallery + Audio): All Three Volumes,"fate, philosophy, reform, stoic, stoicism"
“Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.”,"Amit Kalantri,",Wealth of Words,"adage, advertisement, alliterations, amit-kalantri, amit-kalantri-quotes, amit-kalantri-writer, application, assiduity, blog, blogging, book-writing, catch-lines, catchphrases, characters, citizen, civilian, civilization, common-man, composure, consideration-rarelonganimity, creative-writing, determination, diligence, doggedness, endurance, endurance-calmness, equanimity, equilibrium, essay, even-temper, even-temperedness, forbearance, fortitude, happiness, imperturbability, indefatigability, indulgence, inexcitability, insistence, inspirational, kindness, knowledge, lenience, motivational, movie, movie-dialogue, novel-writing, obstinacy, patience, perseverance, persistence, pertinacity, philosophy, power, proverbs, public-speaking, punchline, purposefulness, quotes, resignation, resoluteness, resolution, resolve, restraint, rhetoric, script, script-writing, scriptwriting, self-restraint, serenity, singleness-of-purpose, slogans, social-networking, speech, speechwriting, staying-power, stoicism, story, sufferance, tag-lines, tenacity, tolerance, tranquillity, understanding, unexcitability, voter, wisdom, writing"
“Concern should drive us into action and not into a depression. No man is free who cannot control himself.”,"Pythagoras,","The Big Book of Ancient Classics: Contains the works of Aristotle, Plato, Homer, Aeschylus...",stoicism
"“Whatever happens, happens such as you are either formed by nature able to bear it, or not able to bear it. If such as you are by nature form’d able to bear, bear it and fret not: But if such as you are not naturally able to bear, don’t fret; for when it has consum’d you, itself will perish. Remember, however, you are by nature form’d able to bear whatever it is in the power of your own opinion to make supportable or tolerable, according as you conceive it advantageous, or your duty, to do so.”",Marcus Aurelius,N/A,"marcus-aurelius, meditations, stoicism"
"“he saw and recognised the visible and he sought his place in this world. He did not seek reality; his goal was not on any other side. The world was beautiful when looked at in this way - without any seeking, so simple, so childlike. The moon and stars were beautiful, the brook, the shore, the forest and rock, the goat and the golden beetle, the flower and butterfly were beautiful. It was beautiful and pleasant to go through the world like that, so childlike, so awakened, so concerned with the immediate, without any distrust.”","Hermann Hesse,",Siddhartha,"realism, stoicism"
"“I fail to remember ever having made an effort — no trace of struggle is detectable in my life, I am the opposite of a heroic nature. To “want” something, to “strive” for something, to have an “end,” a “desire” in mind — I know none of this from my experience. Even at this moment I look out upon my future — a broad future! — as upon a smooth sea: no desire ripples upon it. Not in the least do I want anything to be different from what it is; I myself do not want to be any different ... But thus I have always lived.”","Friedrich Nietzsche,",Ecce Homo,"mottos-to-live-by, stoicism, wisdom"
“It is impossible to lose everything and still be alive.”,Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"bankrupt, bankruptcy, count-your-blessings, grateful, gratitude, rock-bottom, stoicism, thankful, ungrateful, unthankful"
"“Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company.”",Seneca,N/A,"philosophy, stoic, stoicism"
"“I've come to the point where I never feel the need to stop and evaluate whether or not I am happy. I'm just 'being', and without question, by default, it works.”","Criss Jami,","Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality","being, clever, default, development, emotions, evaluation, experience, feelings, fun, fun-and-games, games, happiness, happy, joy, learning, life, living, mentality, mind, mindset, need, peace, point, psychology, question, stoic, stoicism, stop, wisdom, witty, work"
“Maximum remedium est irae mora.”,Lucius Annaeus Seneca,N/A,"anger, stoicism"
“And why should we feel anger at the world? As if the world would notice.”,"Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations: A New Translation,"marcus-aurelius, rome, stoic, stoicism"
"“Philosophy does not promise to secure anything external for man, otherwise it would be admitting something that lies beyond its proper subject-matter. For as the material of the carpenter is wood, and that of statuary bronze, so the subject-matter of the art of living is each person's own life.”",Epictetus,N/A,"epictetus, philosophy, quotes, robin-hard-revised-translation, stoicism"
"“The stoics divided philosophy into three branches: logic, physics, and ethics. Logic covered not only the rules of correct argumentation, but also grammar, linguistics, rhetorical theory, epistemology, and all the tools that might be needed to discover the truth of any matter. Physics was concerned with the nature of the world and the laws that govern it, and so included ontology and theology as well as what we would recognize as physics, astronomy, and cosmology. Ethics was concerned with how to achieve happiness, or how to live a fulfilled and flourishing life as a human being. A stoic sage was supposed to be fully expert in all three aspects.”","Robin Waterfield,",Meditations,"history, introduction, marcus-aurelius, philosophy, stoicism"
"“Submission, when it is submission to the truth — and when the truth is known to be both beautiful and merciful — has nothing in common with fatalism or stoicism as these terms are understood in the Western tradition, because its motivation is different. According to Fakhr ad-Din ar-RazT, one of the great commentators upon the Quran: The worship of the eyes is weeping, the worship of the ears is listening, the worship of the tongue is praise, the worship of the hands is giving, the worship of the body is effort, the worship of the heart is fear and hope, and the worship of the spirit is surrender and satisfaction in Allah.”","Fakhr ad-Din ar-Razi, Gai Eaton",N/A,"allah, fatalism, islam, quran, stoicism, worship"
"“All Hellenistic schools seem to define [wisdom] in approximately the same terms: first and foremost, as a state of perfect peace of mind. From this viewpoint, philosophy appears as a remedy for human worries, anguish, and misery brought about, for the Cynics, by social constraints and conventions; for the Epicureans, by the quest for false pleasures; for the Stoics, by the pursuit of pleasure and egoistic self-interest; and for the Skeptics, by false opinions. Whether or not they laid claim to the Socratic heritage, all Hellenistic philosophers agreed with Socrates that human beings are plunged in misery, anguish, and evil because they exist in ignorance. Evil is to be found not within things, but in the value judgments with people bring to bear  upon  things. People can therefore be cured of their ills only if they are persuaded to change their value judgments, and in this sense all these philosophies wanted to be therapeutic.”","Pierre Hadot,",What Is Ancient Philosophy?,"cynicism, epicureanism, philosophy, skepticism, socrates, stoicism, therapy"
“It is quite possible to be a good man without anyone realizing it.”,"Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations: A New Translation,"marcus-aurelius, rome, stoic, stoicism"
"“Il ne fait aucun doute pour moi que la sagesse est le but principal de la vie et c'est pourquoi je reviens toujours aux stoïciens. Ils ont atteint la sagesse, on ne peut donc plus les appeler des philosophes au sens propre du terme. De mon point de vue, la sagesse est le terme naturel de la philosophie, sa fin dans les deux sens du mot. Une philosophie finit en sagesse et par là même disparaît.”","Emil Cioran,",Oeuvres,"purpose-of-life, stoicism, wisdom"
"“There was a lot of pretense floating around; not just with aunties and all that but with emotions and how people saw you. They had a point. There's a lot to learn from that generation -- the stoic approach. I think it's disgusting how they've been forgotten about in this way. It's the American hippies' fault, they saw an in there, a way of making money out of bad moods. That's all it is most of the time. You can't expect to feel cock-a-hoop every minute of every day. My mam and dad's generation understood this. They were just thankful the bombs had stopped threatening their lives. They just wanted to get on with living.”","Mark E. Smith,",Renegade: The Lives and Tales of Mark E. Smith,"psychology, stoicism"
“[A] resistance that dispenses with consolations is always stronger than one which relies on them.”,"Perry Anderson,",Spectrum: From Right to Left in the World of Ideas,"consolation, politics, realism, resistance-movement, silver-linings, stoicism"
“Don't be overheard complaining ... not even to yourself.”,"Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations by Marcus Aurelius,"complaining, life, marcus-aurelius, stoicism, stoicism-quotes"
"“For in this Case, we are not to give Credit to the Many, who say, that none ought to be educated but the Free; but rather to the Philosophers, who say, that the Well-educated alone are free.”","Epictetus,",All the Works of Epictetus,"educated, education, free, freedom, philosophers, philosophy, stoicism"
"“To the wise, peace of mind is the result of being fine with how things are; to the foolish, the result of things being fine.”",Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"attitude, attitude-is-everything, happiness, peace-of-mind, serenity, stoicism, unhappiness, wisdom, wise, words-of-wisdom"
“It is better to be despised for simplicity than to suffer agonies from everlasting pretense.”,"Seneca,",Dialogues and Letters,"simplicity, stoicism"
"“The sun appears to pour itself down, and indeed its light pours in all direction, but the stream does not run out. This pouring is linear extension: that is why its beams are called rays, because they radiate in extended lines. You can see what a ray is if you observe the sun's light entering a dark room through a narrow opening. It extends in a straight line and impacts, so to speak, on any solid body in its path which blocks passage through the air on the other side: it settles there and does not slip off or fall.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,stoicism
"“Forever seeking, forever moving forward. To strive, to struggle.”",Shonjuk Chakma,N/A,"endeavor, life, moving-forward, seeking, stoic, stoicism, strive, struggle"
"“We are good to others only because we think that that is, or will be, good for us.”",Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"altruism, charity, pessimism, philanthropy, philosophy, selfish, selfishness, selfless, selflessness, stoicism"
"“If you are told that such an one speaks ill of you, make no defence against what was said, but answer, He surely knew not my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these only!”",Epictetus,N/A,"philosophy, stoicism"
"“[I]n a man praise is due only to what is his very own. Suppose he has a beautiful home and a handsome collection of servants, a lot of land under cultivation and a lot of money out at interest; not one of these things can be said to be in him – they are just things around him. Praise in him what can neither be given nor snatched away, what is peculiarly a man's. You ask what that is? It is his spirit, and the perfection of his reason in that spirit.”","Seneca,",Letters from a Stoic,stoicism
"“Sometimes silence is a sign, not of not knowing what to say, but of knowing when to say what you know.”",Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"debate, debating, education, ignorance, knowledge, reading, silence, stoicism, timing, wisdom"
"“Man, consider first what the matter is (which you propose to do), then your own nature also, what it is able to bear. If you are a wrestler, look at your shoulders, your thighs, your loins: for different men are naturally formed for different things.”","Epictetus, Discourses,",Discourses and Selected Writings of Epictetus,"epictetus, philosophy, stoicism"
“Employers pay with their money for what employees have paid for with portions of their lives.”,@Mokokoma Mokhonoana,N/A,"education, employees, employers, employment, materialism, money, mortality, pessimism, stoicism, work"
"“There is the mind of a monarch within each of us, wanting to be granted complete freedom of action but not wanting it to be turned against us.”","Seneca,",Of Anger,stoicism
"“I will keep a watch on myself straightway and—the most useful step—review my day. The fact that we do not look back over our lives makes us worse. We ponder—though rarely—what we are to do, but we do not ponder at all what we have done—and yet planning for the future depends on the past.”","Seneca,",Epistles 66-92,stoicism
"“I examine my entire day and go back over what I have done and said, hiding nothing from myself, passing nothing by. For why should I fear any consequence from my mistakes, when I am able to say, “See that you do not do it again—but now I forgive you.”","Seneca,",How to Do the Right Thing: An Ancient Guide to Treating People Fairly,stoicism
"“Ordinary riches can be stolen from a man. Real riches cannot. In the treasure-house of your soul, there are infinitely precious things that may not be taken from you.”","Oscar Wilde,",The Soul of Man Under Socialism,"philosophy, stoicism, virtue, wealth"
"“Lives such as yours—how true it is!—though they should exceed a thousand years, will contract into the smallest span: but those vices of yours will swallow up any amount of time. This length of time you have, that reason prolongs, however swift nature makes its sojourn, is bound to pass quickly through your fingers; for you do not grasp it, or seek to hold on to it, or try to delay the passing of the swiftest thing of all, but allow it to depart, as if it were something surplus to requirement and easily replaced.”","Lucius Annaeus Seneca,",On the Shortness of Life,"philosophy, shortness-of-life, stoicism, time"
"“Alles Schöne, von welcher Art es auch sein mag, ist an und für sich schön und in sich selbst vollendet. Das Lob bildet keinen Bestandteil seines Wesens, und es wird mithin durch dasselbe weder schlechter noch besser.”","Marcus Aurelius,",Meditations,"aesthetic, beauty, inspirational, philosophy, stoicism, wisdom"
“The ignorant blame others for their own misfortune. To blame oneself is proof of progress. But the wise see all blame as foolishness.”,Epictetus,N/A,"awareness, blame, inspirational, philosophy, stoicism"
"“That on which you so pride yourself will be your ruin, you who think yourself to be somebody.”",Menander,N/A,stoicism
"“Well, and it is not my fault if I have not loved as one loves a concubine, since men do not.”",Pearl S. Buck,N/A,"ambiguity, concubine, conscious-thought, fault, justification, love, stoicism"
"“Your mind is your most powerful ally; master it, and no obstacle will ever stand in your way.”",Sira Masetti,N/A,"determination-quotes, inspirational-quotes, mindset-quotes, stoic, stoic-mindset, stoic-philosophy, stoic-quotes, stoicism, stoicism-quotes"
